


2021-09-24
-----------


13:33	Karl Solano (UXDI Mentor)
		Another app exists
		Take this as an opportunity to see what the problem is we are trying to suggest.
		
		Current App: Map shows cities at risk
		
		What now? What are going to get from this app?
		What options if sea level rises?
		What properties can you show me now that are low risk according to the map?
		Where can we go from here (as a coastal land-owner)?
		What can we do in ten years to give myself a good advantage?
		What can I use this app for to get me to the right people?
		
		What are the users going to be trying to get from the App?
		Can use it as competitve analysis.
		Who can we target or who is our target audience?
		
		If we pivot, UXDI needs to start over.
		
		
13:38	Ashley Evans (PM/UXDI Mentor)
		Look at future/competitve analysis.
		Maybe we can find a Niche.
		
		
13:40	Raj Chakrabarty (SEI/DSI Mentor)
		Maybe we can redefine/refine our idea instead of a complete pivot to a different project
		
		
So what we come up with by 5PM today does not have to be an exact definition; the project can and will change as we continue to work on it.

Raj would like to meet with Data Science team.


Ideas:
Maybe focusing on Low Income Housing?
	Maybe this can be a tool that can help build new affordable housing.

Challenge specifically mentions communities and Climate


NYT article about Flooding: effect of Flood-Risk on housing.
Recap: 
	Shouldn't this be reflected in the price? 
	Not really, b/c of subsidized Flood Insurance.


13:46	Matt Lewis
		There are people that work on some of these areas as their job
		But maybe this can be something we can find a niche
		
		SE: this will be "crunchy" putting this together.
		Adding algorithms to the SW, might be helpful to have the perspective from a Economist
		
		
Benjamin
		Thinking about the community asa whole is a cool idea to consider
		
		
13:50	Richard Sarmiento (GA IA)
		Background in Sales
		Initial thoughts: Focus on "Data for Good"
		How can we give the community something actual, something to use?
		Maybe paint a picture to the data (Like MyFitnbessPal)
		Perhaps Alerts and Notifications; SOmething that encourages people to take Action, with a Platform
		
1:52	Matt Lewis
		Perhaps treat this as something that the Large Real Estate companies already know
		But this is something that we can Open Source for all to see and all to use.
		
13:53	Benjamin Sweet
		We should really think about our target audience.
		e.g. Millenials, and how they are not really buying houses
		Maybe this is something to give the yournger generation a leg up
		There seems to be a huge lack of information in buying homes/property
		Maybe it makes sense to buy a home in a danger zone and flip it?
		
		
13:55	Ashley Evans
		UXDI team must follow the process.
		Make sure to ask people what they think.
		Although deadlines are looming, we need to make sure not to 
		There is no way we will have a product by the end of next week.
		We need to be doing RESEARCH
		
		
13:56	Debbie
		We were talking about doing Car-emissions instead, but we are ditching that, yes?
		
13:57	Benjamin Sweet
		Yes, we just need to update our problem statement
		
13:58	Ashley Evans
		(This project will progress and change as it continues)
		
		Debbie
		We can narrow it down as we get more data
		
13:59	Nic Steele
		Property is average by zip code
		need to relate that to the audience
		Hoping to meet with Raj so we can look 
		
		Debbie Brannon
		Shaheir said we do not need to use only Census data
		
14:00	Matt Lewis
		APIs for data can be accessed.
		Where and when do user interviews happen
		
14:01	Benjamin Sweet
		Ask people on the street
		There is a (paid) website that pays users to answer questions.
		
		
14:06	Talked about it and we will __not__ be focusing on a region, we will be doing the "whole enchilada" and do __all__ data/regions
		
		
14:07	Debbie Brannon
		Better with Express, but can do Python		
		
14:08	Vinny Vilasboa
		Coach switching over to SE
		Better with Express, but can do Python
		Confused as to where we landed
		
14:10	Benjamin
		We are staying with the same project, pinning down the audience
		
		Vinny Vilasboa
		What does the user get out of it?
		A friend is in a 2-story house, and it got flooded , all the way up to the second floor.
		May be easier if we picture as where we want to be and work backwards
		Who is the user and what are they trying to get from the app?
		
We 
		
14:15	Nic Steele
		Right now we are unsure what more data we can get than what we have.
		
		
		Yunus Herman
		Based in Boston, DSI graduate
		Looking for elevation data to relate to the Sea Level
		
14:17	Vinny Vilasboa
		Are we wanting to plug in a zip code?
		Flood insurance is often not involved/available
		So does it tell you what your risk is based on the zipcode/geography?
		
14:18	Benjamin Sweet
		That was one direction we were exploring
		
		For instance, it might be something to help people prepare or use the data
		For instance, if the property may devalue, maybe seeing if there is a discount on bank/insurance/etc. services?
		
Recap, we were talking about changing, but now we are looking to redefine our goal and try to be more niche.
		
14:28	Sebs Ipince
		What are we doing to make this a product that someone wants to buy?
		Who is going to use this? How do you see people using this?
		
14:30	Vinny Vilasboa
		We were discussing this, and we were talking about benefitting people
		
		Maybe thinking about other things like the quality/integrity of the roof, foundation, etc. to show risks, and what to focus on:
		e.g. Flood insurance, etc.
		
		
		